And The Last Lecture we successfully made at an event but only after we made sure that the event we
met and listened to is all lowercase.
The reason for this is how templates your work how aged HTML works.
The dorm by default is case insensitive.
So user clicked like this didn't work because here we emit user clicked with a capital C but in the
dorm we can actually only listen to while a case insensitive names so user clicked was emitted with
a capital C because we did this in javascript which of course is case sensitive.
But in the template here this doesn't exist so we couldn't listen to it.
And that is actually a restriction which we will get rid of later in the section when we dive into a
different way of working with this when we leave.
Yes Fertel and work with a different work flow for now that's just a restriction.
This type of template here and there is a different type will have a look at later has.
So just make sure that the events you are admitting here listening to our case insensitive or are all
lowercase therefore in the end.
But with that we're able to listen to our own events send our own data to components and use components.
Again a better and easier way of using them will be presented soon.